[singing in Japanese]
[breathing heavily]
Shoot Nadia now.
[heartbeat pounding]
Can't you do it, boy?
[Jean] I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
I can't shoot her, Captain.
Nadia, you must wake up, please!
Nadia!
[Gargoyle] Jean,
even your love can't bring her
back to consciousness,
ever.
Now, from my merciful heart,
I will offer you one last chance
to live out a long life, Nemo.
Will you,
former king of Atlantis
join with the Neo Atlanteans
to lead the human race
back to their rightful
place below us?
[Nemo] The answer is the same
as it was 13 years ago.
I will not.
[Gargoyle] Hmm.
What a fool you are.
Have you yet to awaken?
Do not take
the human race lightly.
They are not nearly as foolish
as you would imagine them to be,
Gargoyle.
I disagree.
Just look at how the boy failed
to shoot Nadia
when he had
the opportunity.
He could've served your purpose.
He could've saved your life.
No! It shows the tenderness
of the human heart.
It shows their great virtue.
It is of no use to them
or to you.
The time has come for you
to leave us, Nemo.
I will allow you to
hear your son's voice
once more before you depart.
Consider it the final
gift from a friend.
[finger snaps]
Venusis!
I am the true
emperor of Neo Atlantis,
Neo Icon Epiphanes.
[gasps]
You've--Gargoyle
you've, you've...
Very perceptive. Yes.
Your son is really no more than
a puppet under my command now.
Bastard!
Neo, Nadia,
shoot him!
-[gunshots]
-[grunts]
Captain!
[Gargoyle] How does it feel to
be killed by your own children?
I did it as
a symbol of our friendship.
Not as it once was.
But as it has become.
[laughing]
[Electra]
New Nautilus, can you hear me?
Yes. This is the New Nautilus.
Are you all right first officer?
Yes. Can
you pinpoint my location?
[sonar] Yes. Go ahead.
[Electra] Shift the electron
turret 0.60 degrees to my left
and fire.
It's insane to ask that!
The blast would kill you all.
It may save
our lives if we're lucky.
As it is,
we don't have much hope.
You must do as I say.
-Wait!
-[Electra] Hurry,
the captain's
life depends on it.
We'll do as you say.
[Gargoyle] What
do you think Nemo,
are you impressed?
The latest fruit of
Neo Atlantean science.
Huh? Science? It made him?
[Gargoyle] Yes.
His body was destroyed
during your ill-advised
tampering with
the Tower of Babel, Nemo.
But our scientific
genius came to his aid.
We've allowed him
to live for 13 long years,
so you should
not think badly of me.
You should be grateful.
Send him to Hell.
[laser fires]
[groans]
[grunts]
[coughing]
Pardon me but
what just happened?
[grunts]
An electron turret
blast at close range.
That was careless.
[electric spattering]
The New Nautilus
targeted the control systems.
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
Hello, father.
Impossible. This is impossible!
My father.
I took away his emotions.
He's incapable of regaining
his consciousness.
It's, it's...
A miracle.
Speak to me, please.
Your sister. She needs you.
[dramatic music playing]
Nadia, you must wake up, sister.
Nadia!
That won't work.
She won't be able to wake up,
Venusis, unless
you break the control.
[electricity zapping]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
Damn you, Neo.
[gunshots]
I wonder who it was that changed
my Atlantean body into iron.
[grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
Venusis!
[Gargoyle laughing]
My dear, Neo.
You are but
a mechanical puppet after all.
You can't act
without a source of energy.
The miracle is over now.
Try to move, Emperor.
Try to move just one finger.
You can't. You were doomed
to enter Hell in that position.
[orchestral music playing]
He can't.
But this is absurd.
His will has
overpowered our science.
[shatters]
Venusis!
Nadia.
Nadia!
Brother?
I'm so sorry, Nadia.
Brother.
-I leave the rest to you.
-Don't go!
I wish I could live
with human beings like you do.
Brother!
[explodes]
A miserable end
for ignorant children.
No!
[sobbing]
[footsteps approaching]
Well, Princess Nadia,
the story is over.
Bad news.
Red Noah is just about
to plummet
into the Earth's
atmosphere.
At that angle of descent,
it's going to burn up.
Well, crew members,
we have one option.
[Gargoyle] Now that Emperor Neo
has passed away,
you are the true successor of
the Blue Water, Princess Nadia.
He's dead
because you killed him.
He had served his purpose.
He was of no further use to me.
Princess Nadia,
put the Blue Waters back
in their proper place
and set this ship
on its correct course.
I will not.
Don't you value the lives
of your father and friends?
As successor of the Blue Water,
I freely choose to allow
the ship to crash.
[Jean] That's right, Nadia.
Don't worry about us.
New Nautilus
will be able to rescue us all.
And you and I can return
to Earth with each other.
Jean.
Yes, you are
quite the brave lad,
but are you foolish enough
to throw your life away so
recklessly?
You are the foolish one, sir.
You think you can control
the human heart like a machine.
A ridiculous thought.
But then, how can you begin
to control
what you don't
understand?
My father and brother sacrificed
their lives for their beliefs.
I will follow in
their footsteps.
Your dark wishes
are of no use to me.
-I expected as much.
-[finger snaps]
[electrocuted]
[screaming]
No! Miss Electra!
-Miss Electra!
-[heavy breathing]
She's barely clinging to life.
Will you put
the Blue Waters back now?
I will not.
Oh, no, no.
I am the only one
acting rationally here.
Now Princess,
do as I wish.
[tense music playing]
You will regret this decision
as you helplessly watch
the death of your beloved.
[screams]
[Nadia] No!
Sacrilege!
[explosion]
[Nadia] Jean! Jean!
Answer me, please!
[sobbing]
Jean!
[dramatic music playing]
[sobbing]
[Nemo] Nadia.
You can use this to save him.
You must pray to the Blue Water
on his behalf.
They will hear your prayer
and will answer it.
Captain, if she does that,
you will not have the protection
of the Blue Water.
Don't worry about me, Nadia.
Just do it.
I can't.
Nadia, do as he says.
You must save the life of
the one you love
regardless of the cost.
That is the way it should be.
Miss Electra?
[dramatic music playing]
[Gargoyle] No!
Stop it!
No, Gargoyle.
The Blue Water
will forever lose its brilliance
if you continue this outrage.
[explosion]
[Gargoyle] No!
My grand dreams.
My greatest hope.
Don't die.
Do not enter that light
if you wish to live, Gargoyle.
Only an Atlantean
can survive it.
[laughs]
No!
How can this be?
Why am I turning
to salt? It's...
[Nemo] There are only two
Atlanteans in this world.
Nemesis La Algolas,
you are, in truth, human.
I am an Atlantean.
We raised you as one of our own,
but what can any
Atlantean do for you now?
The world
belongs to human beings.
Yes.
Farewell Nemo.
[woman] Who has awakened me
from my long slumber?
Nadia?
[Nadia] Yes.
Please, you must save Jean.
[woman] But he's already dead.
[Nadia] But Captain Nemo
said that he could be saved.
Please, you must help him.
[woman] If I do that,
you will lose the Blue Water.
You'll have to give up all
the power bestowed on you
as an Atlantean.
You will never be a God.
[Nadia] I don't care about that.
I don't want to be a God.
Please, you've got to save him.
[woman] I understand.
This is the repository of all
the united souls
of Lost Atlantis.
We will give
the boy our life force.
Goodbye, Nadia.
[Nadia] Mother.
[dramatic music playing]
[heart beating]
[gasps]
Jean!
Jean, thank goodness.
[sobbing]
[grunting]
[Sanson] Captain!
Captain Nemo!
Go, get to the ship quickly.
Hurry now.
Go, Nadia.
Yes.
[dramatic music playing]
[explosion]
[asst. helm] Generator
power has dropped to 0.2%.
No good.
She can't move any further.
Great!
It's the end of us.
-We won't give up like that.
-[Electra] That's right.
We won't.
We will make it back alive.
[Nemo] Listen, there's a chance.
You see, we still have hope.
[dramatic music playing]
[asst. helm]
Power connected to New Nautilus.
[helmsman]
Energy charge initiated.
[Electra] 30 seconds to launch.
Where's Captain Nemo?
[Nemo] I will stay here.
I will destroy Red Noah with
the Nautilus
to make sure
that you get out safely.
But Captain.
Nadia, this is my all
from a father to his daughter.
Please accept it.
I'm sorry.
I can't.
I need you.
I want to be with you, Father.
[sonar] Be quiet!
Please.
Please, you have to understand.
[Nemo] Grandis.
Yes?
[Nemo] Please,
look after the children for me.
Yes.
[Nemo] Electra. No, Medina.
[Nemo] You must
care for things without me.
I will.
Huh?
Nadia, no matter
what may happen, live!
[explosion]
[dramatic music playing]
[sobbing]
[Nadia sobbing]
Huh?
Jean.
Thank heavens.
Where are we?
Aboard my father's spaceship.
Another spaceship?
That's right.
We're all going back to live
in your world, Jean.
That's not right, Nadia.
We're going to our world.
Jean.
You were born
on the planet Earth.
We are both
citizens of the planet Earth.
Oh, Jean.
[Marie] Look, a shooting star.
[nurse] What did
you wish for, Marie?
I wished that Sanson and
everybody else
would come home
safely and soon.
Well, what'd you wish for?
The same as you.
And also, I wish that no one
would ever have to experience
what we have all
had to go through.
-Uh-hmm.
-[purrs]
[Marie] That's a good wish.
Well, that was the end
of our long adventure,
but I want to tell you what
has happened since that day.
12 years have gone by
since the crew of the Nautilus
bid farewell to the ship
that saved them.
I'm pleased to say that each
member of the crew
is now leading a happy life.
Eiko, the sonar officer finally
won the heart of Nurse Ikoli.
Electra is bringing up
her child wonderfully.
Jean and Nadia
were married five years ago.
They moved to Jean's
old house in La Havre.
Jean and his uncle are still
thoroughly absorbed
in their inventions.
Nadia and Jean's aunt are
constantly keeping them in line.
[chuckles]
Nadia still will
not eat meat or fish.
It wouldn't be right after all.
Miss Grandis
is still living the single life,
her search for
a new love continues,
and she certainly
has no shortage of offers.
Hanson started his own
automobile company
and is now the richest
of all the people in this story.
He tells me he's looking forward
to marrying a beautiful wife.
Mr. Ayerton went home to England
where he became the heir to
a grand mansion.
I didn't know
he was really a count.
Oh, you want to know
what became of Sanson?
[chuckles]
That's an interesting story.
Here's what happened.
Sanson settled down and married
the love of his life, me.
Next year, I'm going to follow
Nadia's footsteps
and become
a mother myself.
My dream has always been
to spend a pleasant
Sunday afternoon
walking through
a beautiful park with my family.
Well, bye for now.
[singing in Japanese]